His Royal Highness
I wish to punish you with a lifetime of stupidity and stupidity
Humph, this is a boiling oil pan
Weak hands go in and half of your life is gone
You have to think carefully.
Why think too much
Royal grace
I, Yu Qian, have gone from one to the present
I, Yu Qian, am a grateful person
Now the prince has an order
Give it your life
How is that possible?
Your hand is safe and sound
His Royal Highness
What's going on here?
Just a little bit.
Bottom is vinegar
Oil on top
Looks boiling
In fact, the temperature is not high at all
I didn't expect this little trick
It was tested
Some people's so-called loyalty
So ridiculous
Your Highness
I'm waiting for the center of the royal family
Come
Declare to me
Qin Wei of the royal family
disloyal
Sorry to the ten royal senators
Sorry to the people
Including Guozijian Jincheng
The cabinet tried to include
After all the honorable royal relatives
Eject all
You have to think carefully
Qin Wei is the son of Prince Qin Zhan
Establish a god of war who has made great contributions in the present
You are not afraid of breaking his heart
Does it chill the hearts of all the attacking nobles?